The Joe Rogan.
Experience. I'm,
I'm really interested to see what happens with Tyron and Leon Edwards. You know,
they're fighting next. That's a, a big fight, very hard fight for both guys.
It is. It's, um, it's a hard fight for both guys, but,
and it stylistically matches up well for both guys,
because Tyron has a lot of successes with, with south Paul guys.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> the right hand. He, yeah, he's got that,
that cannon in his right hand and, and Tyron is very,
very good. When guys don't completely dominate and control what's going on.
And Leon Evers has,
has done better at that with guys that he feels like he can keep up with,
but with the guy like Tyron Woodley that could wrestle like Tyron will,
that's got power. Like him. I wonder how he's going to do.
Well.
I feel like Leon gets the least amount of attention when it comes to like top
flight world class fighters. He's a top flight world class fighter. Absolutely.
But he gets the least amount of attention out of those guys for whatever weird
reason. Yeah. It's.
I mean, it's the era that we live in. I mean, this, this is a first fight.
Like if you really think about it,
this is the first fight you are actually starting to hear his voice, like,
right. Like it's like, it's like, who is Leon? Right, right. Scott or Edward.
Whatever his name. Well,
the biggest thing with him was when he had a fist fight with MOS Vidal,
like when they, when they had that script.
It wasn't a fist fight. Like modal, just crack, whatever that guy,
whatever his name is. I mean, you know, openly said it,
you have one of the best sucker punches in the game and the best 40 yard dash.
So you go in there,
you sucker punch somebody backstage and you run out of there and they rush you
outta London before it yeah.
Then Brits can get a hold of you before the London boys came back. You know?
So I mean, yeah, that, that's kind of, unfortunately for Leon,
that's gonna put his name in it's.
Kind crazy too, because when you're in a foreign country and you commit assault,
usually they lock you the.
Up. They got him out there. Let's just, they got him outta there.
They got him out.
There, but it's weird. Like no charges, no nothing. They got him out there,
but isn't that kind of cause there's video. It's not like we don't know what.
Happened. Yeah. And, and the crazy thing is that he gets praised for that. Yes.
Him made him famous. He gets praised for that.
And I imagine I do that over there in, in <laugh> in London.
Or imagine anybody.
Else doing anybody else doing that in, in London? It's like, how did he do.
It? It's weird. Like how did Mo all get away with it? It's it's it.
Is weird. Well, with the forces that be, UFC's very, uh, they're very good.
What they, he do. And let's just say they got him outta there quick.
Let's just say, let's just say yeah. Yeah. He's been talking crazy. Um, yeah,
that might be your next fight. What do you think?
Do you think that's gonna be your next fight? I hope.
So. Because of, um,
because of the way that think I'm the type of guy to where anything you say can
and will be used against you inside that art. Oh, you're a court of law.
I exactly, <laugh> exactly.
I'm the judge that juror and the executioner in there. And, and that,
that's how I approach it. You know? Cause some guys,
you just sign the contract to go fight the guys. Right. But I, I,
I get obsessed with the fact that I I'm, I want them to say something I'm, I'm,
I'm waiting for them to say something it's a little tougher than the guys that
don't really have to say anything else,
have anything negative to say it's a little tougher to go in there and you know,
and get angry, get angry to fight them. And I'm, I, I look at,
I want them to say something.
They do an interview that pops up my Google alerts on, you know, my someone,
my, from my team would tell me, boom, someone did this interview about this,
check it out. If I have time, I'll watch it. Oh, he said that. Okay.
You know, and, and this guy it's, you know what, it's,
it's funny to see the way it's shifted. Like the career,
his career has shifted. This is guy that's been known it for a long, long time.
A long time. Yeah. And he was a run in the mill guy. He would win some loose,
some win, some loose some, I mean, you know, not that long ago he was losing,
you know, but, and the credit to his team as well, you know,
they've done a good job at,
at picking the right fights to really get him to where he is
now. But you know, would actually happen. You know, his story. He went,
he went on a south American game show. Well, yeah,
he was 300 pounds before he went. And did that, was he like,
he was really fat bruh. Look at pic, find, look at pictures really?
But this wasn't this like post Wonderboy, wasn't it?
Was it somewhere around then? Ah, I guess somewhere around there.
I think it post Wonderboy right after, but it got fat,
really bad fat. When I fought was it? I fought Wonderboy.
No, when I fought Damien Mayer, I think that was like the tail end of the,
of the, uh, the huskiness on, on his part. But it was
at, at some point like, listen, like everyone's buying into the hype.
This is what I'm saying. That they've done a good job at creating this hype,
by picking the fights to where one fight was a gamble.
The Ben ask cream fight was a gamble. You know, you win that fight.
You take all that hype that this guy has,
which this guy didn't belong in there in the first place. But, uh,
previously in his career, early on his career,
you could make the argument that yes. But at that point in his career,
he didn't belong in there. But he goes out there, let's say,
Banas does take him down and does what Banas does.
We wouldn't be having this conversation right now. Hmm. So he goes,
and that's a gamble on their part. And the gamble paid off.
He went and they took all that hype from band. Then who's the next guy,
the guy that, you know,
another guy that win some loose some but has a ton of hype because he's just
fought. Connor goes in there and fights Nate.
Now that fight turns out the way he did. You get all this hype.
Now you got all these people thinking, oh my God, this guy's a killer.
Where has he been? This and that? It's this same guy. I,
that was 300 pounds. Not too long ago. He was not 300. Look at it.
He was near close. I don't think he was ever above north of 20.
Oh really? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Really? Oh yeah. I'm talking.
I never saw him fat. Yeah. You should look at pictures. Oh yeah. But you know,
hats off to him. He got the weight off and you know,
he went over and did his thing and I'm no hat.
I give credit what credit this dude. Yeah. But, but don't,
he was always that guy that said, you know what? I'm not, I'm not this cliche.
I'm not playing this character. I'm not doing this. You know,
I'm just a real fight in this. But then you showing up at press conferences,
looking like the knock off Scarface. Yeah.
But don't you think that that's wise? Like just, no, it is wise. It's.
Very smart. It is wise. It is. Yeah. But say it like it is,
don't sit here and say, oh, these guys are being the gimick.
These guys are doing this. These guys are doing that.
You're doing the same thing. And, and then look at what he did that last fight.
Oh my God. He took the biggest L of that night. Like that was corny.
You wanna wear the robe? You wanna stand there?
You say he was holding that silver belt. Like he,
they actually think this is a real belt.
The BMF belt. <laugh> what did you think about that BMF belt? What's a strange,
the.
Video fighter.
Belt. They didn't need a BMF belt for this last fight with Connor and cowboy.
They just needed a good matchup. Yeah. Right? Absolutely. So why, what is,
why does the BMF belt like, is that.
A one time thing? It was, yeah, it was,
it was something they created to kind of hide hype that fight. They,
they needed, they, I mean, did they really need a belt though?
Did they need a belt? No, they didn't. But you know, if they,
they get loud enough and Dana hears them and Dana sees that Dana's a very smart
man, greatest promoter ever, ever seen, you know,
and to jump on that, like, you know what, like, let's make him.
A, let's make food belt. Let's.
Make a nice little silver belt. You know, this little lever, replica, silver,
silver. It's like a instead of gold. Yeah. It's like a silver, silver color.
Purpleish color.
Pull a picture of it. I wanna see thing again.
It's a beautiful belt. <laugh> what's beautiful belt. The UFC belt is beautiful.
That's more.
Beautiful. That's more it's like saying like, you know, I mean,
you look at a new Corvette, you go, oh, that's a beautiful car. Yeah.
And then you look at a Ferrari, you go, oh, that's a better looking car.
Oh yeah. That's.
A better looking or Bentley. Oh.
Yes. I want that. It's another level.
But it it's. Yeah, but this one's like the Bentley and then the Honda civic.
So I'm being honest.
I'm being honest. It is. So look at that thing. Is that silver? Is that like.
That copper? No, that's not copper. It's like a it's Sterling.
Silver. It seems kind of goldish in some, I mean, it seems like the.
Lighting. Nah, it's it's Sterling silver. It's like the.
I kind of think it's gold. No, it's.
Not. Is it gold? No. No. It's not gold. It's not gold. Is it bronze? It's like,
bro, is it bronze? I, is it I can'ts not even silver.
It's not even second place is bronze. Huh? <laugh> I mean, this is like,
honestly, this is like a participation medal. You know how,
when you do the field day in school and they give you the participation medals,
they're like, here you go, kid. You did a great job. And that's what this is.
Well, if.
You beat him, do you get that belt too? I.
Want that. I want it because what.
Would you do with it? If you had it, would you wear both of them? No.
What would you do with just put it aside? Put.
It in my closet. <laugh>
I was just put it in my closet. I would just put it in my closet, but it's like,
there's no, there's no, what? That means nothing.
It was just something to hypey, but they've ran. His team has ran with it. Like,
yeah. We're the move. Listen man. And then.
Call him this. When they called, when they showed the video of him,
when they went to the camera, turn to him during the last paper view,
the pop was gigantic. Everybody went crazy when they saw him. Yeah. I mean,
the hype.
Is real. Yeah. You.
The hype is.
Real. It's a lie. You know, it's a alive and kicking man. Big people.
Big hype, big hype. They love him.
You know? But that's the thing is,
people love you until they really see what you are. You know,
Darren till had a lot of hype and shout out to Darren till, I mean, you know,
he's still, you know, growing in his, in the sport,
but he had a lot of hype to where people were. So man,
these guy's gonna beat Woodley. Right? Like even at some, I was like, yo,
he might get Woodie. Really? I was like, yeah, he might get Willie.
And you could in.
That fight, severely disrespectful,
very disrespectful that they were making him the favor in that fight.
I'm like disrespectful. Crazy. You're crazy. I mean,
this guy's already fought one of the best strikers twice in,
in Wonderboy and beat him both times.
Not just that he was the only one that hurt him. Yeah.
Like he hurt Wonderboy bad. And both of those fights Wonderboy never hurt him.
So you got the guy who's arguably one of the best strikers to ever do it in the
Walter Wood division. I mean, Wonderboy's a fantastic Kickbox oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Tyron smashed him.
You saw what Wonderboy did to mouse with doll. Yeah.
Yeah. I pointed him. Yeah.
Good fight. I mean he dropped him like several times. Did he drop him? Yeah.
A couple times.
Well, Darren dropped him too. Darren till dropped, uh, MOS vial too,
but Mo starched him. Yeah. And, and, and.
You know, I give credit what credit is due, you know? But um, like,
like I'm saying back to that, like yeah, everyone, I was almost almost like,
and you saw what? Like,
I I'm sure Willy was a little afraid in that fight because it's like,
do you think so? I don't think so. Yeah. You have to be, I think he,
with all the hype they were putting behind them.
You have to be because at some point as a cha and that's what makes you sane as
a champion is that little fear. It's like, wow. They really saying,
is this kid really good enough? He's the favorite?
Is he good enough? That was so crazy. There's odds. And I'm like,
this is just, this doesn't make any sense at all. To me. I agree. You know,
there's certain odds where I'm like, you guys are like, who's making these odds.
Yeah.
I I'm beats me, especially these rankings too.
I'm like they they've got this kid at at number three.
He hasn't fought number four. He hasn't fought number one. Number two,
he hasn't fought number five. He hasn't fought. Number six. How in the,
is he number three.
MOS. Number three does have it. Well, who makes the rankings? The rankings are.
Weird. I don't, yeah. I don't know who makes the.
Rankings.
Cause sometimes a guy will beat the guy and then he'll be below that guy in the
rankings. Like what